Charlie could feel the dark matter murmur. As he died. his vision dissolved into tesselated static;
colors heretofore unseen on this planet discoed around him as he lay, parapeligec, under the
dry Sierra Nevadan sun. Geysering, rushing, pulsing nightmare black spumes of
paradoxical undersea magma rushed towards him, transfixing his soul that whirred with arrogant anticipation as emergency medical
service vehicles dopplered faintly in the distance. Twin singularites developed behind
each of his eyes as Cthulhu cackled, gurgled with non-human-comprehendable exultation.
Charlie's pupils dilated until they
subsumed his orbital sockets, overwhelming the frail human architecture.
  He had done it. He had Seen the Darkness.

  People's Intelligence Agency officers Chiang, Wallace, and Sanchez glided through the
  insane asylum's rusting, dirty security gateway. It had been a short, tiring day. Recieving their identification
and weaponry, they mongoosed to their nondescript Edison and swiftly drove away.
Chiang grunted with grim satisfaction, eyeing the battery level. At least something
had gone as planned. The other two said nothing. This was customary; PIA officers were
trained to navigate their surroundings as a triangular unit with the wingmen isocolated,
providing a pheromonal periphery <subtext> and point man representing the Agency. Sanchez
transcribed their interview with Manson as Wallace drove and Chiang updated their
immediate superiors back in Virginia. When Chiang disengaged his Glass, he
noticed that something was off with his compatriots. Pheromonally, he
detected nothing amiss, but deep in his soul, he felt uneasy. Upon visual inspection,
both of his underlings appeared as hale as ever, glowing with the synthetic
aura of Fiber-40. Except the glow was tinged, gray, melancholy, almost. It was
if interviewing that freak had tainted their Light, Chiang thought to himself.
Frightened, he called in a 23-19 as soon as they were wheels-up from San Franciso
International. It was probably nothing, but with Manson, one doesn't take any chances.

  First-year graduate student Neal Meadows climbed the five-story university library's
steps
as oblivious to his surroundings as ever.  he was
so intent on his destination that he nearly careened into the demonstrators ringing
the pillared front entrance. Picket signs screamed, jarring him. Not one to engage, politically,
he was societally conscious enough to be aware of the recent developments in SETI research.
Apparently, an astrophysicist had applied recent progress in dark matter alpha decay
to extant recordings of the 1977 Wow! signal: the world was in turmoil over the results.
Neverminding the hubristic, passionate students, Neal reached the fifth floor within minutes; due
to the cataclysmic universal events, the library was nearly empty. Neal leafed through musty
compendiums including a vintage Lovecraft until he located the folder entitled 'MK Ultra'.

While seamlessly bubble sorting the diligently maintained menagerie of
now-inhumane experiments, Neal reflected on the significance of his research. In the
grand scheme of things, it might amount to much, but it was important to him, and that
was enough. He couldn't have been more wrong.

Rapturously tripping balls, Charlie swigged de-salineated <distilled> water and revelled in his newly-aqquired
knowledge. He ate another mushroom and joyously embraced his hostess. For nearly a decade
he had suffered, cosmically disconnected. When the world hadn't ended and the races hadn't
clashed as he predicted, Charlie was forced to confront himself. After ingesting 400mg of
lysergic acid diethylamide in a canoe in eastern Oregon, he was reconnected with his Path.
A genetic proclivity for schizophrenia and a lifetime of hallucinogenic abuse had frayed his
and fused his non-linear and logical thinking like a weather-beaten highway crack. Seated
cross-legged, listening to reggae and drinking non-brainwashing water, Charlie brooded.
Tracy mentioned something about a strange, alien signal that a radio telescope in Ohio had
recently recieved, but Charlie was too preoccupied to consciously integrate her conversational
attempt into his extremely dilated experience; he was focused on receiving signals of his own.
As of late he was attempting to tune into the Darkness. While in prison, serving a life
sentence for a crime he didn't commit (why weren't the PIA agents bailing him out as they
had before?), Charlie had been approached by a Light neopreacher. Initially
scoffing at the idea that anyone would deliberately seek defacing blindness, he was persuaded by a
charismatic sexton named Ethan. As only substance-abusing maniacs are able to do, Charlie
was able to outflank Ethan's proselytising attempts and discover, elliptically, that
it was also possible to be blinded (or rather, sighted ) by a Fallen Angel. Post prison escape,
becoming Sighted was his prime imperative. Categorically determined, had spent every stoned and/or
tripping moment focusing on touching the Darkness. A few times his self-seances had come close,
he believed, but the shadow halo always alighted when the drugs wore off. Charlies solution to
this obstacle was to constantly trip and sleep and eat seldomly.

  After three weeks of peripatetic sleep and Auchwitz rations, Charlie felt confident
enough in his mephistopholean quest to attempt a black communion. Outfitting his viscous red
Mustang with extra gasoline cans, improved ventilation, thirty-three pounds of psilocybic
mushrooms (while LSD was his abuse of choice, he functioned better among fellow humans
while (only) on 'shroomies), and a lift kit.
/*
  <redacted transcript:: PIA interview with Manson in insane asylum>

  So the grad student is reading, skipping through relevant sections, with the quotations
  from the transcript in different font. indented like crazy too .
    in the conversation, they ask standard mindhunter-esque questions, and manson (review
    mindhunter episode with manson) can't frustrate them, they're agent smith types. So manson's
    talking about lovecrafting doom and they're trying to box him into psychiatric/criminal
    profiling. Manson himself doesn't consciously understand that cthulu is guiding him
    towards unleashing him (i.e cthulu) onto Earth. Manson thinks he's making a faustian bargain
    to gain demonic power; he's actually subsuming himself and allowing cthulu to
    posses him body qua corporeality i.e his spirit/mind destroyed illustrate with
    purely black eyes (possesion... reminiscent of altered carbon elder/colonel transfiguration)
    cthulu can dilate his possesion; make manson seem almost normal (for manson) , the <cia> agents
    only clue to the fact that something otherworldly is controlling him... or at least,
    influencing without rebuff.
*/

  Neal leaned back in his plushed seat; benumbed.


    "Subject claims to be seeking Darkness [footnote 1] . Fallen Angel sighted:
    [date redacted] ; involuntary removal of eyes ensued. Subject was intoxicated,
    psilocybin, marijuana. Cranial and spinal trauma, memory non-continuous. mephistopholes
    contacted, bargained. [transcript smudged, dull red] . . .  Homo-sacrificial
    rites planned, unclear if carried out [footnote 2] . MK-Ultra history broached,
    Subject non-communicative w/r/t."

    Neal exited the library, even more pre-occupied than before. Horrified, he shuddered
    with every shadow, every light ray's pinprick death. Snippets of redacted transcript
    swirled frantically through his consciousness. He dreaded the next oscillation of his
    circadian rhymim: a deep, optimism-quenching dread soaked his bones. Neal hadn't felt
    this pessimistic since reading Orwell; all he desired was inebriation. White alder trees
    leered, their dual-crescent <helixic> leaves shivering in the sneaky breeze. Passing a forlorn statue,





//hoftsteader goerdel escher bach
theory of consciousness
self referential systems

"There are many scam .onion sites also present which end up giving tools for
download that are infected with trojan horses or backdoors."



continuing reading G,E,B .

Have to be in good headspace to make genuine progress.

set up an echo room recording track in garage band . planning on recording takeoff .
