On an island

off the coast of Argentina

there is a colony of penguins

they sustain themselves by diving into the water and returning with fish

post-mating season, the young must be fed by their parents--bird feeding.

this requires the male penguins to dive into the icy <adj> waters and retrieve fish

for their offspring

however

not all penguins returning
there are predators
that lurk underneath the frigid, hostile waves.

you are a penguin

you must feed your

you must c ontinue your genetic lineage

this is the biological imperative

you look into your mate's eyes

a melding of event horizons

black holes collide; mutual understanding is reached.

you know what you must do .

waddling with your homies to the edge and counting to three, and then you enter the Void

The Ocean

where monsters known only by your genes lurk, waiting for you, their meal.

balanced on the knife edge of life or death, you must penetrate the ice sheet, then remember,

almost subconciously, your tether, your lifeline to your love.

your heart beats like a porsche spider drifting a los angelos highway corner

in that moment of impacting the waves, you cling to your mate's parting words :

  'Go into the Void and bring back a piece for Me'

  N.B I am tripping my balls off might need to rework but that feels right

you slice into the depths, savoring every last molecule of oxygen.

although you are unaware, millions of years of Evolution have led up to this moment; you were born

and might die for this moment. as your pierce through the cobalt sea, jettisoning the frothing waves like p-51s over dresden,

your hone in on the apotheosis of your life: a <Further.Research.Required.FISH>

It contorts It's body in a desperate bid to survive but It's fate was pre-determined as surely as Joan of Arc's ;

you feel in your beak a magnetic homing seeking like a Soviet-manufactured-viet-cong-sited-Anti-Aircraft Missile over Vietnam :

inexorable.

your beak opens axiomatically; your lungs scream for oxygen but another part of your conciousness handles that : Destiny has placed

the Ingot that will secure your family's success for x generations is within reach-- CRUNCH .

The reaper is satiated and moves on without regard to Aristotle's linguistic fallacies; Infinity is real and you have delivered It.

In the moment of Triumph you summon every fibre of your being and focus on your mate's Singularity -- this is the only way

Finding the Tao, you ride that shit like Alladin, ill pimpin'.

It's time to swim up to the light.

Pedalling furiously with your flippers, you clench the ill-fated (depends on perspective <expand> ) mackeral in your jaw and

corkscrew into oblivion

the Darkness dilates, a nebula of dodging and jinking, an F-16 Weasal pilot would be proud of you.

Starved of oxygen and G-Locked beyond Humian Induction, you burst forth onto the slick shore and

flop around, infintesimally alive.

Embodied only literally, you begin the ardous trek up to the Nest.

The only sustaining Thought is your mate's parting phrase and you chant it to yourself until you disassociate:
 'Go into the Void and bring back a piece for Me'

 Everest is summited : Hillary is Born and First-Ladied. Collapsing into the nest of <F.R.R> , you sink into a senseless oblivion. Tomorrow awaits.
